hey guys welcome to my channel um
today's gonna be a quickie but a goodie
I'm gonna show you which campaign
objective to choose in facebook to make
money um but seriously I see a lot of
young brands on Facebook ads messing up
on this and a lot of young advertisers
too so I feel like it needs to be said
so um if you go to but also like I want
to show you what other objectives I use
at times and really just a rundown of
what they all do so if you go ahead and
go to Facebook Ads manager you're right
there in the ads manager account go
ahead and create a campaign in here
you'll see the big lofty question what's
your marketing objective which is to
make money so but you'll see there's not
a making money objective so it's a
little complicated
to be honest um I use conversions and
catalog sales pretty much 95% of the
time so if you are using Facebook Ads to
make money you are gonna be either using
a conversions or a catalog sales
objective but as you see there's a lot
of other objections on here so let's
just like figure out what they all do um
brand awareness so this increases
awareness for your brand by reaching out
to people who are more likely to be
interested in it um to be honest I'd
probably use this like five times in my
entire career I will say though I have
talked to advertisers who work with big
and like big big brands so like big-name
brands like people you definitely have
heard about and your mom's heard about
like people who have multi-million
dollar budgets per month and a lot of
times they actually use a brand
awareness
to get that what do they call it to get
that buzz and she get purchases so I
would be really interested to try brand
awareness if I was working with a brand
that had a big budget but most of the
clients I work with are under a hundred
thousand Kay per month a hundred
thousand all right most of the brands
that I work with are under a hundred
thousand dollars per month budget so I
don't use brand awareness and another
one that's under awareness is reach I do
use reach campaigns from time to time
because reach campaigns have a really
there's like reach campaigns have one
really cool feature where you can
actually limit the frequency that the
ads show up to people which is this is
the only kind of campaign objective that
you can do that in so you can actually
put a frequency cap so that you know
each person only sees it once per week
or once every three days which is really
valuable for specific campaigns and for
specific clients and I have used that
from time to time and once you go to
consideration you'll see that there's
traffic engagement app installs video
views lead generation messages um
traffic campaigns like honestly this is
just going to get traffic to your
website and while that does sound good
especially if you're a new brand really
what this is optimizing for is just
people who click on ads which like can
be anyone it doesn't mean that if
someone clicks on an ad they're gonna be
making a purchase so I find that like
frankly traffic campaigns or garbage
most of the time and even my facebook
rep has said never to use them so I
frankly don't another garbage margon
carpet and another garbage marketing
objective is
this is just paying for page likes or
engagement on a specific post which I
could see some brands using if like
they're really trying to grow their
Instagram account but even then that's
what I like to call vanity metrics like
these aren't metrics that are gonna make
sales and like if you're just starting
out on advertising like this is not
where you want to spend your budget
especially if you have a budget that's
really low
so I don't think I've been deployed an
engagement campaign in like three years
app installs is aptly named because it
drives app installs so if you have a
mobile app that's a great one to test
out I don't really work with too many
customers who have mobile apps so I
don't really use that too much video
views this is targeting people who are
more likely to view your video which a
few years ago was a tactic that I had
used quite a bit I would use video views
campaign to get people to watch more of
the video and then I would retarget
those people who had watched 50 75 90
percent of that video with another type
of campaign to get them to purchase but
honestly that has not worked well for me
in a long time so I haven't done that at
all recently another campaign objective
that you can choose is lead generation
and I've actually been doing a lot of
tests with lead generation lately so you
can do a lead generation campaign which
actually has a form that people can fill
out but you can also drive traffic using
a conversion campaign optimizing for a
lead conversion and I have a few
campaigns that use lead generation
campaigns right now to fill out forms
but in my testing recently I've found
that the conversion campaign with a lead
optimization is tending to do a lot
better and
drive more sales further down the line
while lead generation campaigns tend to
get like a better CPL or cost per lead
but they don't tend to convert as well
so stay tuned for more on that one
and messages this is for sending
messages on facebook Messenger and I
don't do much of that anymore
now if you want to make money on
Facebook you're gonna be concentrating
on conversions and catalog sales so
conversion campaigns are actually a
little bit more involved because then
you can choose the optimization that
you're going for so you can get convert
you can go right after people that you
want to purchase so you can actually
choose the conversion campaign and then
when you're at the ad set level you can
choose a purchase so right here you can
see that you can choose the purchase now
this is a brand new kick pixel for my
for my new website so you can see that
these are the only ones that are active
normally this purchase one would also be
in green but what's cool is you can for
conversion campaigns you can optimize
for initiate checkout leads so as
opposed to doing a lead generation
objective campaign view content which I
kind of equate these days - traffic
campaigns in a way because it's a lot
higher up in the funnel or Add to Cart
so if you want to be making money on
Facebook Ads you're gonna be doing
conversion campaigns another making
money campaign objective is catalog
sales and what this essentially gonna do
is it's going to connect to your product
catalog and if you don't know how to
create a product catalog look in the
description below I have a video that
shows you the easiest way to create a
product catalog and I hate doing that
kind of stuff so I had to find a
workaround to make it simple this kind
of campaign actually shows your
the products that you have in your store
directly in the ad and what's really
cool is you can retarget people based on
the products that they're interested in
so if they went to a product page or
even added it to cart you can retarget
those people so that the next time they
open up Facebook or Instagram the
product that they've already indicated
interest in shows up in their feed which
is very powerful so yes these are what
the marketing objectives are and like I
said this is a you know my channel is
all about how to get those first few
conversions if you're a new brand on
Facebook and we're gonna be
concentrating on conversions and catalog
sales so thank you so much
I know it was a quickie but a goodie if
you have any other questions about
facebook ads or you want me to do a
video as something specific please
comment below let me know what your
struggles are or what you want to see
like I said I'm a director of paid
social at a fully remote marketing
agency and I love doing this kind of
stuff I just want to do it so that I can
see more cool brands on Facebook even if
they can't hire an agency right out the
gate so comment below let me know your
questions I'll see you guys tomorrow
[Music]
you